Ah!
Are you all right?
Say it
Mother, don't listen to him
Do you still want to do it?
I'm sorry, Mistress, don't take care of Lao Li
Mu Guiying, you
Mu Guiying, you dare to stand in front of Commander Nangong
Assassinate the champion of the dynasty
Just wait to be tortured to death
Murder father
Violation of the burden
He should be dragged down and out of the cage
Lord Nangong
You just saw it too
It was this bitch who defiled my heroic Virgin
Phoenix Singing Spear
The Heavenly Witch and the Phoenix Spear dare to disrespect the female commander
Assassinated Peking University General
Is it sin to be the master?
This gun was given to my son by the female commander
I was ruined by this bitch, Lord Nangong
You have to call the shots for us, right?
You can do small things for your subordinates.
But this urging and insulting would rather the female coach be rebellious
Please kill him on the spot